When working across departments within your business,
it's important to communicate regularly and clearly.
Using the same language is a good way to make sure that all teams are on the same page.
It is imperative to be well-prepared when dealing with business objectives.
Other business units might wish to make more aggressive commitments to close more sales.
Be cautious and transparent.
Make sure the business understands what meeting
higher commitments will cost in terms of both time and dollars.
Service disruptions can be rare enough that
how to recover can be forgotten and can be tricky.
Practicing recovery operations is key to doing them well,
which in turn is key to keeping relationships
on solid footing with your peers in other parts of the business.
We'll be taking a look at recovery metrics and
planning that tie in closely with business needs.